You need to make this creamy Thai coconut chicken meatballs.
Perfect for midweek meal. They're prepable,
they're freezer friendly, and just an all round winner.
I think you guys are gonna love this one.
The meatballs contain grated courgette, chili, ginger,
garlic, coriander,
spring onion, light soy sauce,
lime and egg to bind. Simply roll into meatball shapes,
brown off and then make the sauce.
The same pan, add the Thai red curry paste,
coconut milk, spring onion,
ginger, red pepper,
some chicken stock, soy sauce,
and finish with lime. Serve with warm,
fluffy rice
spoon over those chicken meatballs and creamy coconut sauce.
I like to add a side of broccoli for good luck. Just so good.